updating the prototyping tool links (#89)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/getting-started/working-with-nucleus.md

* Familiarise yourself with this documentation and [Storybook](https://library.britishgas.design/).
* Download the [Sketch library](https://github.com/ConnectedHomes/centrica-ux/releases).

> * Take a look at our [prototyping tool](https://playground.nucleus.design).

Reviewer: Let's call this the Nucleus Playground
```suggestion
* Take a look at the [Nucleus Playground](https://playground.nucleus.design).
```

> * Or if you are familiar with GitHub, you can set yourself an environment on your local machine, [check out the prototyping repository](https://github.com/britishgas-engineering/nucleus-prototype)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Or if you are familiar with GitHub, you can install the Prototyping Tool on your local machine, check out the [Nucleus Prototyping Tool repository](https://github.com/britishgas-engineering/nucleus-prototype)!
```
